> _“It's kinda like D.H. Lawrence had this idea of two people meeting on a road, and instead of just passing and glancing away, they decide to accept what he calls the confrontation between their souls. It's like freeing the brave, reckless gods within us all.”_
> – [Waking Life, 2001](https://vtpanther.typepad.com/blog/2013/08/they-decide-to-accept-what-he-calls-the-confrontation-between-their-souls.html)

That momentary confrontation of our souls was not IRL but online – "Internet friends!" What I remember most though was when we first had dinner together on a visit you made to NYC during the early CouchOne days.

Everytime I try to put into actual words what would be different if not for that chance meeting I stumble, so I stopped trying and wrote this instead:

```
Those moments {
              are
                 always
      fleeting; 

descriptors 
      too many }(not closed)

for me {
          unshift(mikeal()); was 

that kind of moment && 
                 it {unlocked};

    finding(purpose
                     , friendship
      , love
              , family
                     , leading
    )}
``` 

I know, I know, Dramascript – amirite? But it truly was that impact for me 

And not just for me, but for me and for Tracy and for our family. We have three kids now. Three `food-to-poop` converters that would not exist or be who they are if not for NodeConf Summercamp 2013 where Tracy & I met for the first time.

And then there's the litany of things I won't name here that would have never been possible without the work you did – and we did together. It's just ... well as usual @isaacs said it better than I ever could:

> [Fuck](./2024-11-24-just-everything-for-the-last-15-years.md)

"Oh shit Mikeal" – that's what I texted back to you; hoping. Someone said to me recently that worry and hope are basically the same feeling so you might as well hope. So now I still do – hope.




